is another Saturday and another strictly
come dancing well here at dressing room
for and I'm dying to take a look inside
I haven't got the key have you got the
key all right let's take a look take a
look around some type of pencil made out
of piece of a tree we have cufflinks
here with Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers
I recognize this type of bracelet
supposed to be good for the joints maybe
somebody who's having joint pains I am a
big big watch guy there's a picture
inside do you want to know who it is
have to wait till later check out these
shoes apparently they've been worn by
this person many many times on
television so let's have a little recap
you remember we have the tree like
pencil Fred and Ginger cufflinks the
copper bracelet for joints the shoes and
the watch with a picture inside so who
dresses in a room like this it's over
you